[Music]
hey do me a favor balance these traffic
cones on your chin while skating
backward on high heels and swinging a
pool size hula hoop around your body
they're wacky the random and they're all
world records see for yourself the most
traffic cones balanced on the chin que
suki yo koto smashed that record with 35
cones they may seem small but that many
together way more than a bicycle it took
him only one attempt to pull it off
the fastest running time on all fours
hands and feet runner
konishi ido trained for ten years and
mastered his technique by studying patas
monkeys he crossed the finish line of a
hundred meter dash 330 feet in 16.8
seven seconds and broke the record for
the third time the farthest tightrope
walk in high heels on senator austin set
this record in 2014 she walked a 25-foot
rope
turned around and walked it again that's
almost the length of a bowling lane the
loudest bar I think your neighbor's dog
is too loud a Golden Retriever named
Charlie can bark at 113 decibels that's
louder than a car horn a little more and
Charlie would out sound a jet taking off
largest bubblegum bubble this behemoth
bubble was blown by Chad fell in 2004 it
was 20 inches in diameter twice the size
of a soccer ball and fell says he used
only three pieces of gum to do it the
biggest house of cards 218,000 792 cards
44 days in construction and you have
yourself a room size copy of the
Venetian Macao the plaza Macau and sans
Macau if you're record-breaker Brian
Berg of course he also made the tallest
house of cards 26 feet over two stories
tall the fastest typing with the nose
try to type the 103 character text I'm
reading to you now
using only your nose in less than 40
seconds record-holder Davinder Singh
could do it apparently without getting
snot all over the keyboard to the most
bottle flips in a minute
Daniel Kennedy decided to become the
best bottle flipper in the world his
effort won him a world record for
flipping thirty-nine bottles in 60
seconds
the longest marathon drumming oh boy
Steve Gaul drummed for 134 hours and 5
minutes straight
that's five and a half days wouldn't you
love to be his neighbor the fastest bed
it's a custom-built motorized one and
Tom on slow call got it up to almost 84
miles per hour would you go for a ride
in it let me know down in the comments
the largest sculpture made of margarine
six feet tall four feet wide and 8 feet
long it's half the size of a concrete
mixer and weighs as much as a car this
indian chef at his team work day and
night to sculpt the beautiful margarine
masterpiece a word to the wise don't be
a butterfingers when carving margarine
the loudest purring cat a cat named
Merlin can purr as loud as every pets
greatest enemy a vacuum cleaner
almost 68 decibels the longest beard
Sauron sang has a record-breaking 8 foot
long beard the longest in history grown
by Hans and Langseth in the early 20th
century was twice that length you could
jump rope with it the largest parade of
alpacas it happened in Peru in 2019 and
consisted of 1048 fluffy long necked
animals and their owners fun fact
alpacas was short curly sheep like hair
are called hue Akaya and the ones with
long straggly locks are known as sri the
tallest sandcastle could very well be a
real castle this thing was 60 feet tall
it's nearly six stories it took a whole
team of San artists a month to complete
and required 11,000 tons of sand that's
heavier than the Eiffel Tower the
fastest skating backwards on heels let
me add on five-inch heels wasn't a
problem for Bianca Rossini who did a
hundred meter dash almost a length of an
entire football field in 21 and a half
seconds the lowest limbo skate young
Shristi Sharma of India skated while
doing the splits and ducking under 25
barriers standing just seven inches off
the ground
whoo and she held that position for over
82 feet more than the length of a semi
the longest hair on a team another
record holder from India is Natasha
Patel measuring 5 feet 7 inches her hair
is probably longer than most adults are
tall the most stairs climbed on the head
Lee long long used nothing but a small
pillow on his head to go up 36 steps no
hands no Nats or strings just pure neck
power the most books
typed backwards 4 million 120 6620
forwards across a total of 78 books from
finish to start
that's how dedicated Michael Santa Lea
was to set his own record and when
typing he didn't even look at the screen
the largest pillow fight 7680 won people
a whole stadiums worth sharing in the
fun that is swatting someone with a soft
cushy pillow
imagine having to clean up all the
feathers after that the longest bicycle
ever made is 136 feet long the length of
four school buses and the thing is
actually functional it can go the length
of a football field without any
stabilizers only you'll need lots of
friends to help you ride it the heaviest
weight lifted with the little finger it
was 242 pounds and this guy who his name
I can't hope to pronounce pulled it off
think you could hold two entire stoves
with one pinky yeah me neither the
longest nose
Mehmet here has a record-breaking 3 and
a half inch
sniffer measured from bridge to tip just
for comparison the average nose is about
two inches long so that's a honker the
most canned drinks opened by a parrot no
I'm not kidding in 2012 a macaw named
Zak open 35 soda cans in one minute
actually Zak is a pretty famous bird he
can ride a bike skateboard and say 100
words he also holds another Guinness
record for the most basketball slam
dunked by a parrot I guess that would
make Zak a Polly record holder
okay the largest human dominoes it
consisted of two thousand 19 people and
2019 mattresses each person stood with
her back to the soft cushion they were
all lined up the first volunteer was
pushed and it was nothing but laughs and
tumbles from there and the number isn't
random the record was set in 2019 the
fastest motorized toilet Colin Furze
made this thing and took the record when
he drove it a bit over 53 miles per hour
why you ask because he could the most
rotations on a chair in 30 seconds yep
there's a record for the thing you can
do in your computer chair when you're
bored Benjamin so hall managed to get in
40 spins in half a minute how dizzy he
was after that you'll have to ask him
the longest time singing one note
Richard Fink the fourth made this
possible by singing continuously for two
minutes and one second straight the
heaviest mantle of bees ruin Liam Ming
or a bee suit weighing over 140 pounds
it took six hundred thirty seven
thousand of the buzzing insects to break
the record the man said the key to
avoiding stings is staying calm while
the bees are on your body yeah I'll bet
gee I wonder if his wife calls him honey
the largest pizza looking more like a
colorful hockey rink than a pizza this
nearly 13,000 600 square foot pie was
made by da villian Rd and
team and as a bonus it's all gluten-free
the most bridemaids at a wedding a
couple from Srilanka invited 126
bridemaids 25 best men 20 ring bearers
and 23 flower girls hope they had enough
cake to feed everyone hey hope they're
still married the biggest hula-hoop ever
spun so to get the record you have to
spin it at least three times without
letting it touch the ground get Aki OVA
had to wear a protective vest to do that
with her massive 17 foot hoop the most
arrows caught by the hands catching just
one arrow is already too extreme for
most of us but Joe Alexander caught 15
of them in a single minute he also
caught 43 arrows with his bare hands in
two minutes the longest solo rowing trip
are Daenerys spent 312 days at sea and
went from Bodega Bay California to Papua
New Guinea all the way across the
world's largest ocean the Pacific takes
up 1/3 of the planet and the most
flavors of ice cream recognized in a
minute David rush can identify 11
flavors of his favorite frozen dessert
in 60 seconds while blindfolded think
you could do that one boy that's one I'd
like to try
[Music]